flowchart LR
service.group.GroupServiceImpl:quitGroup-->manager.group.GroupMembershipManager:quitGroup
manager.group.GroupMembershipManager:quitGroup-->infrastructure.tools.GroupTools:isNormalMember
manager.group.GroupMembershipManager:quitGroup-->manager.group.GroupMembershipManager:beforeQuitGroup
manager.group.GroupMembershipManager:beforeQuitGroup-->manager.group.GroupMembershipManager:lambda$beforeQuitGroup$10
manager.group.GroupMembershipManager:lambda$beforeQuitGroup$10-->infrastructure.client.ImClient:delConversation
infrastructure.client.ImClient:delConversation-->com.buz.external.api.ImService:delConversation
manager.group.GroupMembershipManager:quitGroup-->infrastructure.client.ImClient:quitGroup
infrastructure.client.ImClient:quitGroup-->com.buz.external.api.ImService:quitGroup
manager.group.GroupMembershipManager:quitGroup-->manager.group.GroupMemberInfoManager:getGroupMember
manager.group.GroupMemberInfoManager:getGroupMember-- annotation-->manager.group.GroupMemberInfoManager:getNormalGroupMemberProxy:::annotation
manager.group.GroupMemberInfoManager:getNormalGroupMemberProxy-->entity.bo.group.QueryGroupMemberCondition:builder
manager.group.GroupMemberInfoManager:getNormalGroupMemberProxy-->entity.bo.group.QueryGroupMemberCondition$QueryGroupMemberConditionBuilder:onlyNormal
manager.group.GroupMemberInfoManager:getNormalGroupMemberProxy-->manager.group.GroupMemberInfoManager:queryGroupMemberFromDb
manager.group.GroupMemberInfoManager:queryGroupMemberFromDb-->infrastructure.model.GroupMemberExample:createCriteria
infrastructure.model.GroupMemberExample:createCriteria-->infrastructure.model.GroupMemberExample:createCriteriaInternal
infrastructure.model.GroupMemberExample$GeneratedCriteria:addCriterion-->infrastructure.model.GroupMemberExample$Criterion:init
manager.group.GroupMemberInfoManager:queryGroupMemberFromDb-->entity.bo.group.QueryGroupMemberCondition:getOnlyNormal
manager.group.GroupMemberInfoManager:queryGroupMemberFromDb-->infrastructure.mapper.GroupMemberMapper:selectByExample
manager.group.GroupMemberInfoManager:queryGroupMemberFromDb-->manager.group.GroupMemberInfoManager:lambda$queryGroupMemberFromDb$16
manager.group.GroupMemberInfoManager:lambda$queryGroupMemberFromDb$16-->manager.group.GroupMemberInfoManager:lambda$null$15
manager.group.GroupMemberInfoManager:queryGroupMemberFromDb-->manager.group.GroupMemberInfoManager:lambda$queryGroupMemberFromDb$17
manager.group.GroupMemberInfoManager:getNormalGroupMemberProxy-->entity.bo.group.QueryGroupMemberCondition$QueryGroupMemberConditionBuilder:groupId
manager.group.GroupMemberInfoManager:getNormalGroupMemberProxy-->entity.bo.group.QueryGroupMemberCondition$QueryGroupMemberConditionBuilder:userId
manager.group.GroupMemberInfoManager:getNormalGroupMemberProxy-->entity.bo.group.QueryGroupMemberCondition$QueryGroupMemberConditionBuilder:build
manager.group.GroupMembershipManager:quitGroup-->infrastructure.model.GroupMember:init
manager.group.GroupMembershipManager:quitGroup-->infrastructure.mapper.GroupMemberMapper:updateByPrimaryKey
manager.group.GroupMembershipManager:quitGroup-->manager.group.GroupMembershipManager:afterQuitGroup
manager.group.GroupMembershipManager:afterQuitGroup-->manager.group.GroupMembershipManager:lambda$afterQuitGroup$13
manager.group.GroupMembershipManager:lambda$afterQuitGroup$13-->manager.realtimecall.CallUserManager:hangUpWhenLeaveGroup
manager.realtimecall.CallUserManager:hangUpWhenLeaveGroup-->manager.realtimecall.CallChannelManager:getGroupChannelId
manager.realtimecall.CallChannelManager:getGroupChannelId-->infrastructure.redis.RealTimeCallRedisHandle:getGroupChannelId
infrastructure.redis.RealTimeCallRedisHandle:getGroupChannelId-->infrastructure.redis.support.RealTimeCallRedisKey:getKey
infrastructure.redis.support.RealTimeCallRedisKey:getKey-->infrastructure.redis.support.RealTimeCallRedisKey:name
infrastructure.redis.RealTimeCallRedisHandle:getGroupChannelId-- client-->fm.lizhi.common.datastore.redis.client.RedisClient:get:::client
manager.realtimecall.CallUserManager:hangUpWhenLeaveGroup-->manager.realtimecall.CallUserManager:filterInChannelUserIds
manager.realtimecall.CallUserManager:filterInChannelUserIds-->infrastructure.redis.RealTimeCallRedisHandle:isUserInChannel
infrastructure.redis.RealTimeCallRedisHandle:isUserInChannel-->infrastructure.redis.RealTimeCallRedisHandle:lambda$isUserInChannel$8
infrastructure.redis.RealTimeCallRedisHandle:lambda$isUserInChannel$8-- client-->redis.clients.jedis.Pipeline:hexists:::client
infrastructure.redis.RealTimeCallRedisHandle:isUserInChannel-- client-->fm.lizhi.common.datastore.redis.client.RedisClient:executePipelined:::client
infrastructure.redis.RealTimeCallRedisHandle:isUserInChannel-- client-->fm.lizhi.common.datastore.redis.client.RedisPipelinedRunner:execute:::client
manager.realtimecall.CallUserManager:hangUpWhenLeaveGroup-->manager.realtimecall.handler.ChannelHandlerFactory:getChannelHandler
manager.realtimecall.CallUserManager:hangUpWhenLeaveGroup-->manager.realtimecall.CallUserManager:lambda$hangUpWhenLeaveGroup$2
manager.realtimecall.CallUserManager:lambda$hangUpWhenLeaveGroup$2-->manager.realtimecall.handler.IRealTimeCallHandler:hangUpCall
manager.realtimecall.handler.IRealTimeCallHandler:hangUpCall-->manager.realtimecall.handler.BaseRealTimeCallHandler:hangUpCall
manager.realtimecall.handler.BaseRealTimeCallHandler:hangUpCall-->infrastructure.tools.RealTimeCallTools:buildHungUpCallTrack
infrastructure.tools.RealTimeCallTools:buildHungUpCallTrack-->entity.bo.tracker.realtimecall.HungUpCallTrackParams:builder
entity.bo.tracker.realtimecall.HungUpCallTrackParams$HungUpCallTrackParamsBuilder:build-->entity.bo.tracker.realtimecall.HungUpCallTrackParams:init
manager.realtimecall.handler.BaseRealTimeCallHandler:hangUpCall-->manager.realtimecall.CallUserManager:getUserInfoInChannel
manager.realtimecall.CallUserManager:getUserInfoInChannel-->infrastructure.redis.RealTimeCallRedisHandle:getUserInfoInChannel
infrastructure.redis.RealTimeCallRedisHandle:getUserInfoInChannel-->com.alibaba.fastjson.JSON:parseObject
infrastructure.redis.RealTimeCallRedisHandle:getUserInfoInChannel-- client-->fm.lizhi.common.datastore.redis.client.RedisClient:hget:::client
manager.realtimecall.handler.BaseRealTimeCallHandler:hangUpCall-->manager.realtimecall.CallChannelManager:getChannelInfo
manager.realtimecall.CallChannelManager:getChannelInfo-->infrastructure.redis.RealTimeCallRedisHandle:getChannelInfo
infrastructure.redis.RealTimeCallRedisHandle:getChannelInfo-- client-->fm.lizhi.common.datastore.redis.client.RedisClient:hgetAll:::client
infrastructure.redis.RealTimeCallRedisHandle:getChannelInfo-->util.MapUtils:mapStrToBean
util.MapUtils:mapStrToBean-->com.alibaba.fastjson.JSONObject:parseObject
util.MapUtils:mapStrToBean-->com.alibaba.fastjson.JSONObject:toJSONString
manager.realtimecall.handler.BaseRealTimeCallHandler:hangUpCall-->manager.realtimecall.handler.BaseRealTimeCallHandler:afterHangUpCall
manager.realtimecall.handler.BaseRealTimeCallHandler:afterHangUpCall-->infrastructure.tools.RealTimeCallTools:convertToPushChangeType
manager.realtimecall.handler.BaseRealTimeCallHandler:afterHangUpCall-->manager.realtimecall.handler.BaseRealTimeCallHandler:userCallStatusChangePush
manager.realtimecall.handler.BaseRealTimeCallHandler:userCallStatusChangePush-->manager.push.business.RealTimeCallPushManager:pushCallUserStatusChange
manager.push.business.RealTimeCallPushManager:pushCallUserStatusChange-->manager.push.business.RealTimeCallPushManager:lambda$pushCallUserStatusChange$3
manager.realtimecall.handler.BaseRealTimeCallHandler:afterHangUpCall-->manager.realtimecall.handler.BaseRealTimeCallHandler:needEndCallAfterHangUpWrapper
manager.realtimecall.handler.BaseRealTimeCallHandler:needEndCallAfterHangUpWrapper-- client-->org.redisson.api.RLock:tryLock:::client
manager.realtimecall.handler.BaseRealTimeCallHandler:needEndCallAfterHangUpWrapper-->manager.realtimecall.handler.BaseRealTimeCallHandler:needEndCallAfterHangUp
manager.realtimecall.handler.BaseRealTimeCallHandler:needEndCallAfterHangUp-->manager.realtimecall.handler.FriendRealTimeCallHandler:needEndCallAfterHangUp
manager.realtimecall.handler.BaseRealTimeCallHandler:needEndCallAfterHangUp-->manager.realtimecall.handler.GroupRealTimeCallHandler:needEndCallAfterHangUp
manager.realtimecall.handler.GroupRealTimeCallHandler:needEndCallAfterHangUp-->manager.realtimecall.handler.GroupRealTimeCallHandler:lambda$needEndCallAfterHangUp$0
manager.realtimecall.handler.BaseRealTimeCallHandler:needEndCallAfterHangUpWrapper-->manager.realtimecall.handler.BaseRealTimeCallHandler:endCall
manager.realtimecall.handler.BaseRealTimeCallHandler:endCall-->entity.context.realtimecall.EndCallContext:builder
manager.realtimecall.handler.BaseRealTimeCallHandler:endCall-->entity.context.realtimecall.EndCallContext$EndCallContextBuilder:hangUpUserId
manager.realtimecall.handler.BaseRealTimeCallHandler:endCall-->entity.context.realtimecall.EndCallContext$EndCallContextBuilder:channelId
manager.realtimecall.handler.BaseRealTimeCallHandler:endCall-->entity.context.realtimecall.EndCallContext$EndCallContextBuilder:build
manager.realtimecall.handler.BaseRealTimeCallHandler:endCall-->manager.realtimecall.CallUserManager:getChannelLeftUserIds
manager.realtimecall.CallUserManager:getChannelLeftUserIds-->infrastructure.redis.RealTimeCallRedisHandle:getChannelLeftUserIds
infrastructure.redis.RealTimeCallRedisHandle:getChannelLeftUserIds-- client-->fm.lizhi.common.datastore.redis.client.RedisClient:smembers:::client
manager.realtimecall.handler.BaseRealTimeCallHandler:endCall-->manager.realtimecall.CallUserManager:getChannelUserList
manager.realtimecall.CallUserManager:getChannelUserList-->infrastructure.tools.RealTimeCallTools:callUserComparator
manager.realtimecall.CallUserManager:getChannelUserList-->infrastructure.redis.RealTimeCallRedisHandle:getUserInfoListInChannel
infrastructure.redis.RealTimeCallRedisHandle:getUserInfoListInChannel-->infrastructure.redis.RealTimeCallRedisHandle:lambda$getUserInfoListInChannel$5
manager.realtimecall.handler.BaseRealTimeCallHandler:endCall-->manager.realtimecall.handler.BaseRealTimeCallHandler:doEndCall
manager.realtimecall.handler.BaseRealTimeCallHandler:doEndCall-->manager.realtimecall.handler.BaseRealTimeCallHandler:lambda$doEndCall$5
manager.realtimecall.handler.BaseRealTimeCallHandler:doEndCall-->infrastructure.tools.RealTimeCallTools:buildEndCallTrack
infrastructure.tools.RealTimeCallTools:buildEndCallTrack-->entity.bo.tracker.realtimecall.EndCallTrackParams:builder
manager.realtimecall.handler.BaseRealTimeCallHandler:doEndCall-->manager.push.business.RealTimeCallPushManager:pushCallEnd
manager.push.business.RealTimeCallPushManager:pushCallEnd-->manager.push.business.RealTimeCallPushManager:lambda$pushCallEnd$4
manager.realtimecall.handler.BaseRealTimeCallHandler:doEndCall-->manager.realtimecall.CallChannelManager:removeChannelInfo
manager.realtimecall.CallChannelManager:removeChannelInfo-->infrastructure.redis.RealTimeCallRedisHandle:removeChannelInfo
infrastructure.redis.RealTimeCallRedisHandle:removeChannelInfo-- client-->fm.lizhi.common.datastore.redis.client.RedisClient:unlink:::client
manager.realtimecall.handler.BaseRealTimeCallHandler:doEndCall-->manager.realtimecall.handler.BaseRealTimeCallHandler:sendEndCallMsg
manager.realtimecall.handler.BaseRealTimeCallHandler:sendEndCallMsg-->manager.realtimecall.handler.FriendRealTimeCallHandler:sendEndCallMsg
manager.realtimecall.handler.FriendRealTimeCallHandler:sendEndCallMsg-->manager.realtimecall.handler.FriendRealTimeCallHandler:lambda$sendEndCallMsg$0
manager.realtimecall.handler.FriendRealTimeCallHandler:sendEndCallMsg-->manager.realtimecall.CallImMsgManager:sendEndFriendCallMsg
manager.realtimecall.CallImMsgManager:sendEndFriendCallMsg-->manager.realtimecall.CallImMsgManager:lambda$sendEndFriendCallMsg$1
manager.realtimecall.CallImMsgManager:sendEndFriendCallMsg-->manager.realtimecall.CallImMsgManager:privateMsgLanguageAdapter
manager.realtimecall.CallImMsgManager:privateMsgLanguageAdapter-->manager.realtimecall.CallImMsgManager:buildMsgLangAdapter
manager.realtimecall.CallImMsgManager:privateMsgLanguageAdapter-->manager.user.UserExtraInfoManager:getUserLanguageMap
manager.user.UserExtraInfoManager:getUserLanguageMap-->manager.user.UserExtraInfoManager:getUserExtraInfoByUserIds
manager.user.UserExtraInfoManager:getUserExtraInfoByUserIds-->com.google.common.collect.Lists:newArrayList
manager.user.UserExtraInfoManager:getUserExtraInfoByUserIds-->infrastructure.mapper.UserExtraInfoMapper:selectByExample
manager.user.UserExtraInfoManager:getUserExtraInfoByUserIds-->infrastructure.model.UserExtraInfoExample:createCriteria
infrastructure.model.UserExtraInfoExample:createCriteria-->infrastructure.model.UserExtraInfoExample:createCriteriaInternal
infrastructure.model.UserExtraInfoExample$GeneratedCriteria:addCriterion-->infrastructure.model.UserExtraInfoExample$Criterion:init
manager.user.UserExtraInfoManager:getUserLanguageMap-->manager.user.UserExtraInfoManager:lambda$getUserLanguageMap$1
manager.realtimecall.handler.FriendRealTimeCallHandler:sendEndCallMsg-->manager.realtimecall.CallImMsgManager:sendMissedFriendCallMsg
manager.realtimecall.CallImMsgManager:sendMissedFriendCallMsg-->manager.realtimecall.CallImMsgManager:buildPrivateOfflinePushParams
manager.realtimecall.CallImMsgManager:buildPrivateOfflinePushParams-->infrastructure.tools.ClientRouterTools:buildPrivateChat
manager.realtimecall.CallImMsgManager:sendMissedFriendCallMsg-->entity.push.OfflinePushConfig:contentConfig
manager.realtimecall.CallImMsgManager:sendMissedFriendCallMsg-->manager.realtimecall.CallImMsgManager:getMissedVoiceCallMsg
manager.realtimecall.CallImMsgManager:sendMissedFriendCallMsg-->manager.realtimecall.CallImMsgManager:buildDefaultPrivateMsg
manager.realtimecall.CallImMsgManager:buildDefaultPrivateMsg-->infrastructure.convert.UserInfoTransform:toImUserInfo
manager.realtimecall.CallImMsgManager:sendMissedFriendCallMsg-->infrastructure.client.ImClient:sendPrivateMsg
infrastructure.client.ImClient:sendPrivateMsg-->com.buz.external.api.ImService:sendPrivateMsg
manager.realtimecall.handler.BaseRealTimeCallHandler:sendEndCallMsg-->manager.realtimecall.handler.GroupRealTimeCallHandler:sendEndCallMsg
manager.realtimecall.handler.GroupRealTimeCallHandler:sendEndCallMsg-->manager.realtimecall.CallImMsgManager:sendEndGroupCallMsg
manager.realtimecall.CallImMsgManager:sendEndGroupCallMsg-->util.DateUtils:betweenFormat
manager.realtimecall.CallImMsgManager:sendEndGroupCallMsg-->manager.realtimecall.CallImMsgManager:buildDefaultGroupMsg
manager.realtimecall.CallImMsgManager:sendEndGroupCallMsg-->manager.realtimecall.CallImMsgManager:buildGroupOfflinePushParams
manager.realtimecall.CallImMsgManager:buildGroupOfflinePushParams-->infrastructure.tools.ClientRouterTools:buildGroupChat
manager.realtimecall.handler.GroupRealTimeCallHandler:sendEndCallMsg-->util.CollUtils:newArrays
manager.realtimecall.handler.GroupRealTimeCallHandler:sendEndCallMsg-->manager.realtimecall.handler.GroupRealTimeCallHandler:lambda$sendEndCallMsg$2
manager.realtimecall.handler.GroupRealTimeCallHandler:sendEndCallMsg-->manager.realtimecall.CallImMsgManager:sendMissedGroupCallMsg
manager.realtimecall.handler.GroupRealTimeCallHandler:sendEndCallMsg-->manager.realtimecall.handler.GroupRealTimeCallHandler:lambda$sendEndCallMsg$1
manager.realtimecall.handler.BaseRealTimeCallHandler:doEndCall-->manager.realtimecall.CallUserManager:batchRemoveUserCallStatus
manager.realtimecall.CallUserManager:batchRemoveUserCallStatus-->infrastructure.redis.RealTimeCallRedisHandle:batchRemoveUserCallStatus
infrastructure.redis.RealTimeCallRedisHandle:batchRemoveUserCallStatus-- client-->fm.lizhi.common.datastore.redis.client.RedisPipelinedRunner:execute:::client
infrastructure.redis.RealTimeCallRedisHandle:batchRemoveUserCallStatus-->infrastructure.redis.RealTimeCallRedisHandle:lambda$batchRemoveUserCallStatus$10
infrastructure.redis.RealTimeCallRedisHandle:lambda$batchRemoveUserCallStatus$10-- client-->redis.clients.jedis.Pipeline:eval:::client
manager.realtimecall.handler.BaseRealTimeCallHandler:needEndCallAfterHangUpWrapper-- client-->org.redisson.api.RLock:unlock:::client
manager.realtimecall.handler.BaseRealTimeCallHandler:needEndCallAfterHangUpWrapper-->infrastructure.redis.RealTimeCallRedisHandle:getChannelLifeCycleLock
infrastructure.redis.RealTimeCallRedisHandle:getChannelLifeCycleLock-->infrastructure.redis.RealTimeCallRedisHandle:channelLifeCycleLockKey
infrastructure.redis.RealTimeCallRedisHandle:getChannelLifeCycleLock-- client-->org.redisson.api.RedissonClient:getReadWriteLock:::client
manager.realtimecall.handler.BaseRealTimeCallHandler:needEndCallAfterHangUpWrapper-- client-->org.redisson.api.RReadWriteLock:writeLock:::client
manager.realtimecall.handler.BaseRealTimeCallHandler:afterHangUpCall-->manager.realtimecall.handler.BaseRealTimeCallHandler:cancelInviteAfterBeHungUp
manager.realtimecall.handler.BaseRealTimeCallHandler:cancelInviteAfterBeHungUp-->manager.push.business.RealTimeCallPushManager:pushCancelCallInvite
manager.push.business.RealTimeCallPushManager:pushCancelCallInvite-->manager.push.business.RealTimeCallPushManager:lambda$pushCancelCallInvite$2
manager.push.business.RealTimeCallPushManager:lambda$pushCancelCallInvite$2-->manager.push.offline.OfflinePushParamsTools:buildOfflineParams
manager.push.offline.OfflinePushParamsTools:buildOfflineParams-->manager.push.offline.OfflinePushParamsTools:doBuildOfflinePushAppData
manager.push.offline.OfflinePushParamsTools:doBuildOfflinePushAppData-->entity.push.OfflinePushAppData:builder
manager.push.offline.OfflinePushParamsTools:doBuildOfflinePushAppData-->infrastructure.convert.UserInfoTransform:toSimpleUser
manager.push.offline.OfflinePushParamsTools:doBuildOfflinePushAppData-->entity.push.PushTextConfig:getReplaceInfo
manager.push.offline.OfflinePushParamsTools:doBuildOfflinePushAppData-->infrastructure.convert.GroupTransform:toSimpleGroupBaseInfo
manager.push.business.RealTimeCallPushManager:lambda$pushCancelCallInvite$2-->manager.push.offline.OfflinePushContextTools:initPushContext
manager.push.offline.OfflinePushContextTools:initPushContext-->infrastructure.convert.PushTransform:toOfflinePushContext
manager.push.offline.OfflinePushContextTools:initPushContext-->manager.push.offline.OfflinePushContextTools:initSenderAndGroupInfo
manager.push.offline.OfflinePushContextTools:initSenderAndGroupInfo-->manager.group.GroupInfoManager:getGroupBaseInfo
manager.group.GroupInfoManager:getGroupBaseInfo-->manager.group.GroupInfoManager:buildGroupBaseInfo
manager.group.GroupInfoManager:buildGroupBaseInfo-->manager.group.GroupMemberInfoManager:getGroupPortraitMembersInfoList
manager.group.GroupMemberInfoManager:getGroupPortraitMembersInfoList-- annotation-->manager.group.GroupMemberInfoManager:getGroupPortraitMembers:::annotation
manager.group.GroupMemberInfoManager:getGroupPortraitMembersInfoList-->infrastructure.tools.GroupTools:sortGroupPortraitMembers
infrastructure.tools.GroupTools:sortGroupPortraitMembers-->infrastructure.tools.GroupTools:lambda$sortGroupPortraitMembers$3
manager.group.GroupInfoManager:buildGroupBaseInfo-->infrastructure.convert.GroupTransform:toGroupBaseInfo
manager.group.GroupInfoManager:buildGroupBaseInfo-- annotation-->manager.group.GroupMemberInfoManager:getGroupMemberCount:::annotation
manager.group.GroupInfoManager:buildGroupBaseInfo-->manager.group.GroupInfoManager:getMaxGroupMemberNumByGroup
manager.group.GroupInfoManager:getMaxGroupMemberNumByGroup-->manager.group.GroupInfoManager:lambda$getMaxGroupMemberNumByGroup$9
manager.group.GroupInfoManager:getMaxGroupMemberNumByGroup-->manager.group.GroupInfoManager:lambda$getMaxGroupMemberNumByGroup$10
manager.push.offline.OfflinePushContextTools:initPushContext-->manager.push.offline.OfflinePushContextTools:verifyPushParams
manager.push.offline.OfflinePushContextTools:initPushContext-->manager.push.offline.OfflinePushContextTools:initTitleAndContent
manager.push.offline.OfflinePushContextTools:initTitleAndContent-->manager.push.offline.OfflinePushContextTools:buildPushContent
manager.push.offline.OfflinePushContextTools:buildPushContent-->manager.push.offline.OfflinePushContextTools:getPushTextConfig
manager.push.offline.OfflinePushContextTools:getPushTextConfig-->infrastructure.tools.UserTools:getUserName
manager.push.offline.OfflinePushContextTools:getPushTextConfig-->manager.push.offline.OfflinePushContextTools:fillI18nTextConfig
manager.push.offline.OfflinePushContextTools:initTitleAndContent-->manager.push.offline.OfflinePushContextTools:buildPushTitle
manager.push.offline.OfflinePushContextTools:initPushContext-->manager.push.offline.OfflinePushContextTools:fillPushConfig
manager.push.offline.OfflinePushContextTools:fillPushConfig-->manager.push.offline.OfflinePushFactory:getConfig
manager.push.business.RealTimeCallPushManager:lambda$pushCancelCallInvite$2-->entity.context.OfflinePushBuildParams:builder
manager.realtimecall.handler.BaseRealTimeCallHandler:hangUpCall-->manager.realtimecall.handler.BaseRealTimeCallHandler:getCallChannelType
manager.realtimecall.handler.BaseRealTimeCallHandler:hangUpCall-->manager.realtimecall.CallUserManager:clearHangUpUserCallStatus
manager.realtimecall.CallUserManager:clearHangUpUserCallStatus-->infrastructure.redis.RealTimeCallRedisHandle:removeAndRecordLeftUser
infrastructure.redis.RealTimeCallRedisHandle:removeAndRecordLeftUser-- client-->fm.lizhi.common.datastore.redis.client.RedisClient:eval:::client
infrastructure.redis.RealTimeCallRedisHandle:removeAndRecordLeftUser-->infrastructure.redis.lua.RealTimeCallLuaTools:removeAndRecordLeftUser
infrastructure.redis.lua.RealTimeCallLuaTools:removeAndRecordLeftUser-->infrastructure.redis.lua.LuaTools:buildLua
manager.realtimecall.CallUserManager:clearHangUpUserCallStatus-->infrastructure.redis.RealTimeCallRedisHandle:removeUserCallStatus
infrastructure.redis.RealTimeCallRedisHandle:removeUserCallStatus-->infrastructure.redis.lua.RealTimeCallLuaTools:removeUserCallStatus
manager.realtimecall.CallUserManager:clearHangUpUserCallStatus-->manager.push.PushCompensationManager:removeBizPushCompensation
manager.push.PushCompensationManager:removeBizPushCompensation-->infrastructure.redis.PushRedisHandle:removeBizPushCompensation
infrastructure.redis.PushRedisHandle:removeBizPushCompensation-- client-->fm.lizhi.common.datastore.redis.client.RedisPipelinedRunner:execute:::client
infrastructure.redis.PushRedisHandle:removeBizPushCompensation-->infrastructure.redis.PushRedisHandle:lambda$removeBizPushCompensation$5
infrastructure.redis.PushRedisHandle:lambda$removeBizPushCompensation$5-->infrastructure.redis.PushRedisHandle:getPushCompensationCacheKey
infrastructure.redis.PushRedisHandle:getPushCompensationCacheKey-->infrastructure.redis.support.PushCacheKey:getKey
infrastructure.redis.support.PushCacheKey:getKey-->infrastructure.redis.support.PushCacheKey:name
infrastructure.redis.PushRedisHandle:lambda$removeBizPushCompensation$5-- client-->redis.clients.jedis.Pipeline:unlink:::client
manager.realtimecall.CallUserManager:clearHangUpUserCallStatus-->infrastructure.redis.RealTimeCallRedisHandle:removeUserFromChannel
infrastructure.redis.RealTimeCallRedisHandle:removeUserFromChannel-- client-->fm.lizhi.common.datastore.redis.client.RedisClient:hdel:::client
manager.realtimecall.CallUserManager:clearHangUpUserCallStatus-->manager.heartbeat.HeartbeatPoolManager:giveUpHeartbeat
manager.heartbeat.HeartbeatPoolManager:giveUpHeartbeat-->enums.CoreEnumsGather$HeartbeatEnum:getEnumName
enums.CoreEnumsGather$HeartbeatEnum:getEnumName-->enums.CoreEnumsGather$HeartbeatEnum:values
enums.CoreEnumsGather$HeartbeatEnum:getEnumName-->enums.CoreEnumsGather$HeartbeatEnum:getKey
enums.CoreEnumsGather$HeartbeatEnum:getKey-->enums.CoreEnumsGather$HeartbeatEnum:getPrefix
enums.CoreEnumsGather$HeartbeatEnum:getPrefix-->infrastructure.redis.support.TestEnvSupport:getPreEnvTag
manager.heartbeat.HeartbeatPoolManager:giveUpHeartbeat-->infrastructure.tools.HeartbeatTools:spliceHeartbeatId
manager.heartbeat.HeartbeatPoolManager:giveUpHeartbeat-->fm.zhiya.heartbeat.impl.DefaultHeartbeatListener:giveUpHeartbeat
manager.realtimecall.handler.BaseRealTimeCallHandler:hangUpCall-->manager.TrackerManager:reportEvent
manager.TrackerManager:reportEvent-->com.buz.external.api.TrackerService:reportEvent
manager.realtimecall.handler.BaseRealTimeCallHandler:hangUpCall-->infrastructure.tools.RealTimeCallTools:fillHungUpCallTrack
manager.group.GroupMembershipManager:lambda$afterQuitGroup$13-->manager.group.GroupMemberInfoManager:getGroupMemberCountFromDb
manager.group.GroupMemberInfoManager:getGroupMemberCountFromDb-->infrastructure.mapper.GroupMemberMapper:countByExample
manager.group.GroupMembershipManager:lambda$afterQuitGroup$13-- annotation-->manager.group.GroupLifecycleManager:dismissGroup:::annotation
manager.group.GroupLifecycleManager:dismissGroup-->infrastructure.client.ImClient:dismissGroup
infrastructure.client.ImClient:dismissGroup-->com.buz.external.api.ImService:dismissGroup
manager.group.GroupLifecycleManager:dismissGroup-->infrastructure.mapper.GroupInfoMapper:updateByPrimaryKey
manager.group.GroupMembershipManager:lambda$afterQuitGroup$13-->manager.group.GroupPortraitManager:sendMqCreatePortrait
manager.group.GroupPortraitManager:sendMqCreatePortrait-->infrastructure.mq.ProducerHandle:sendMqCreatePortrait
infrastructure.mq.ProducerHandle:sendMqCreatePortrait-->com.buz.common.mq.MqProducer:send
manager.group.GroupMembershipManager:lambda$afterQuitGroup$13-->manager.group.GroupMembershipManager:transferOwner
manager.group.GroupMembershipManager:transferOwner-->manager.group.GroupMemberInfoManager:getTopNGroupMembers
manager.group.GroupMembershipManager:transferOwner-->manager.group.GroupMemberInfoManager:updateGroupMember
manager.group.GroupMemberInfoManager:updateGroupMember-->infrastructure.mapper.GroupMemberMapper:updateByExample
manager.group.GroupMembershipManager:transferOwner-- annotation-->manager.group.GroupInfoManager:updateGroupInfo:::annotation
manager.group.GroupInfoManager:updateGroupInfo-->manager.group.GroupInfoManager:checkUpdateGroupPermission
manager.group.GroupInfoManager:checkUpdateGroupPermission-->infrastructure.tools.GroupTools:isAdmin
manager.group.GroupInfoManager:updateGroupInfo-->io.shardingsphere.core.routing.router.masterslave.MasterSlaveRouteOnceVisitedHolder:routeMaster
manager.group.GroupInfoManager:updateGroupInfo-->infrastructure.client.ImClient:updateGroupInfo
infrastructure.client.ImClient:updateGroupInfo-->com.buz.external.api.ImService:updateGroupInfo
manager.group.GroupInfoManager:updateGroupInfo-->manager.group.GroupInfoManager:lambda$updateGroupInfo$6
manager.group.GroupInfoManager:updateGroupInfo-->manager.group.GroupInfoManager:getGroupInfo
manager.group.GroupInfoManager:getGroupInfo-- annotation-->manager.group.GroupInfoManager:getGroupInfoProxy:::annotation
manager.group.GroupInfoManager:getGroupInfoProxy-->manager.group.GroupInfoManager:getGroupInfoBatch
infrastructure.model.GroupInfoExample$GeneratedCriteria:addCriterion-->infrastructure.model.GroupInfoExample$Criterion:init
manager.group.GroupInfoManager:getGroupInfoBatch-->infrastructure.model.GroupInfoExample:createCriteria
infrastructure.model.GroupInfoExample:createCriteria-->infrastructure.model.GroupInfoExample:createCriteriaInternal
manager.group.GroupInfoManager:getGroupInfoBatch-->manager.group.GroupInfoManager:lambda$getGroupInfoBatch$0
manager.group.GroupInfoManager:getGroupInfoBatch-->infrastructure.mapper.GroupInfoMapper:selectByExample
manager.group.GroupInfoManager:updateGroupInfo-->manager.ImMsgManager:sendUpdateGroupNameCenterHintMsg
manager.ImMsgManager:sendUpdateGroupNameCenterHintMsg-->manager.ImMsgManager:getCenterHintGroupInfo
manager.ImMsgManager:getCenterHintGroupInfo-->cn.hutool.json.JSONUtil:toJsonStr
manager.ImMsgManager:sendUpdateGroupNameCenterHintMsg-->manager.ImMsgManager:getCenterHintUserInfo
manager.ImMsgManager:sendUpdateGroupNameCenterHintMsg-->config.I18nConfigAdapter:getConfig
config.I18nConfigAdapter:getConfig-->config.I18nConfigAdapter:getUserId
config.I18nConfigAdapter:getConfig-->config.I18nConfigAdapter:getConfig
config.I18nConfigAdapter:getConfig-->manager.user.UserExtraInfoManager:getByUserId
manager.user.UserExtraInfoManager:getByUserId-->infrastructure.convert.UserInfoTransform:fromUserExtraInfo
manager.user.UserExtraInfoManager:getByUserId-->manager.user.UserExtraInfoManager:getUserExtraInfo
manager.user.UserExtraInfoManager:getUserExtraInfo-->infrastructure.mapper.UserExtraInfoMapper:selectOne
manager.user.UserExtraInfoManager:getByUserId-->manager.user.UserExtraInfoManager:getUserCountryCode
manager.user.UserExtraInfoManager:getUserCountryCode-->manager.user.UserExtraInfoManager:lambda$getUserCountryCode$0
config.I18nConfigAdapter:getConfig-->config.I18nConfigAdapter:getConfig
config.I18nConfigAdapter:getConfig-->fm.lizhi.ocean.i18n.util.I18nTextUtils:loadConfig
config.I18nConfigAdapter:getConfig-->config.I18nConfigAdapter:adaptInputLanguageCode
manager.ImMsgManager:sendUpdateGroupNameCenterHintMsg-->com.google.common.collect.Lists:newArrayList
manager.ImMsgManager:sendUpdateGroupNameCenterHintMsg-->manager.user.UserManager:getUserDTOByIdWithoutStatus
manager.user.UserManager:getUserDTOByIdWithoutStatus-->manager.user.UserManager:fullUserInfoDTO
manager.user.UserManager:fullUserInfoDTO-->manager.user.UserManager:lambda$fullUserInfoDTO$3
manager.user.UserManager:fullUserInfoDTO-->manager.user.UserOnlineStatusManager:getUserQuietModeMap
manager.user.UserOnlineStatusManager:getUserQuietModeMap-->infrastructure.redis.UserRedisHandle:getUserQuietModeMap
infrastructure.redis.UserRedisHandle:getUserQuietModeMap-- client-->fm.lizhi.common.datastore.redis.client.RedisPipelinedRunner:execute:::client
infrastructure.redis.UserRedisHandle:getUserQuietModeMap-->infrastructure.redis.UserRedisHandle:lambda$getUserQuietModeMap$0
infrastructure.redis.UserRedisHandle:lambda$getUserQuietModeMap$0-- client-->redis.clients.jedis.Pipeline:hgetAll:::client
infrastructure.redis.UserRedisHandle:lambda$getUserQuietModeMap$0-->infrastructure.redis.UserRedisHandle:userQuiteModeCacheKey
infrastructure.redis.UserRedisHandle:userQuiteModeCacheKey-->infrastructure.redis.support.UserRedisKey:getKey
infrastructure.redis.support.UserRedisKey:getKey-->infrastructure.redis.support.UserRedisKey:name
manager.user.UserManager:getUserDTOByIdWithoutStatus-->infrastructure.tools.UserTools:isAbnormalUser
manager.user.UserManager:getUserDTOByIdWithoutStatus-->manager.user.UserManager:getUserById
manager.user.UserManager:getUserById-->infrastructure.dao.UserDAO:getUserById
infrastructure.dao.UserDAO:getUserById-->infrastructure.mapper.UserInfoMapper:selectByPrimaryKey
manager.user.UserManager:getUserDTOByIdWithoutStatus-->infrastructure.convert.UserInfoTransform:toUserInfoDTOtipMsg
manager.ImMsgManager:sendUpdateGroupNameCenterHintMsg-->com.alibaba.fastjson.JSON:toJSONString
manager.ImMsgManager:sendUpdateGroupNameCenterHintMsg-->infrastructure.client.ImClient:sendGroupMsg
infrastructure.client.ImClient:sendGroupMsg-->com.buz.external.api.ImService:sendGroupMsgAsync
manager.group.GroupMembershipManager:lambda$afterQuitGroup$13-->manager.group.GroupMembershipManager:lambda$null$11
manager.group.GroupMembershipManager:lambda$afterQuitGroup$13-->manager.group.GroupInfoManager:pushGroupChange
manager.group.GroupInfoManager:pushGroupChange-->manager.group.GroupMemberInfoManager:getNormalMemberUserIds
manager.group.GroupMemberInfoManager:getNormalMemberUserIds-->manager.group.GroupMemberInfoManager:getNormalGroupMembers
manager.group.GroupMemberInfoManager:getNormalGroupMembers-->infrastructure.mapper.GroupMemberMapper:selectMany
manager.group.GroupInfoManager:pushGroupChange-->manager.group.GroupInfoManager:lambda$pushGroupChange$7
manager.group.GroupMembershipManager:lambda$afterQuitGroup$13-->manager.push.business.DataChangePushManager:pushDataChange
manager.push.business.DataChangePushManager:pushDataChange-->manager.push.business.DataChangePushManager:lambda$pushDataChange$1
manager.push.business.DataChangePushManager:lambda$pushDataChange$1-->infrastructure.client.PushClient:onlinePushToClient
infrastructure.client.PushClient:onlinePushToClient-->infrastructure.client.PushClient:onlinePushToClient
infrastructure.client.PushClient:onlinePushToClient-->com.buz.external.api.PushService:onlinePushToClient
infrastructure.client.PushClient:onlinePushToClient-->fm.lizhi.commons.service.client.pojo.Result:rCode
infrastructure.client.PushClient:onlinePushToClient-->infrastructure.client.PushClient:buildPushCompensationParams
infrastructure.client.PushClient:buildPushCompensationParams-->manager.push.PushCompensationManager:getMsgValidSeconds
manager.push.PushCompensationManager:getMsgValidSeconds-->manager.push.PushCompensationManager:lambda$getMsgValidSeconds$3
manager.push.PushCompensationManager:getMsgValidSeconds-->cn.hutool.json.JSONUtil:toList
manager.push.PushCompensationManager:getMsgValidSeconds-->manager.push.PushCompensationManager:lambda$getMsgValidSeconds$0
manager.push.PushCompensationManager:getMsgValidSeconds-->manager.push.PushCompensationManager:lambda$getMsgValidSeconds$2
manager.push.PushCompensationManager:getMsgValidSeconds-->manager.push.PushCompensationManager:lambda$getMsgValidSeconds$1
infrastructure.client.PushClient:onlinePushToClient-->fm.lizhi.commons.service.client.pojo.Result:target
manager.group.GroupMembershipManager:lambda$afterQuitGroup$13-->manager.group.GroupMembershipManager:lambda$null$12
manager.group.GroupMembershipManager:lambda$afterQuitGroup$13-->manager.group.GroupMembershipManager:pushLargeGroupChange
manager.group.GroupMembershipManager:lambda$afterQuitGroup$13-->manager.group.GroupMemberConfigManager:removeGroupMemberConfig
manager.group.GroupMemberConfigManager:removeGroupMemberConfig-->infrastructure.mapper.GroupMemberConfigMapper:deleteByExample
infrastructure.model.GroupMemberConfigExample$GeneratedCriteria:addCriterion-->infrastructure.model.GroupMemberConfigExample$Criterion:init
manager.group.GroupMemberConfigManager:removeGroupMemberConfig-->infrastructure.model.GroupMemberConfigExample:createCriteria
infrastructure.model.GroupMemberConfigExample:createCriteria-->infrastructure.model.GroupMemberConfigExample:createCriteriaInternal
manager.group.GroupMemberConfigManager:removeGroupMemberConfig-->manager.group.GroupJetCacheManager:invalidateGroupMemberConfig
manager.group.GroupJetCacheManager:invalidateGroupMemberConfig-->manager.group.GroupJetCacheManager:lambda$invalidateGroupMemberConfig$0
manager.group.GroupMembershipManager:lambda$afterQuitGroup$13-->manager.group.GroupMembershipManager:updateOnlineMembersAfterJoinOrExit
manager.group.GroupMembershipManager:updateOnlineMembersAfterJoinOrExit-->manager.user.UserOnlineStatusManager:getBatchOnlineTime
manager.user.UserOnlineStatusManager:getBatchOnlineTime-->infrastructure.redis.UserOnlineRedisHandle:getOnlineStatusMap
infrastructure.redis.UserOnlineRedisHandle:getOnlineStatusMap-- client-->fm.lizhi.common.datastore.redis.client.RedisPipelinedRunner:execute:::client
infrastructure.redis.UserOnlineRedisHandle:getOnlineStatusMap-->infrastructure.redis.UserOnlineRedisHandle:lambda$getOnlineStatusMap$1
infrastructure.redis.UserOnlineRedisHandle:lambda$getOnlineStatusMap$1-->infrastructure.redis.UserOnlineRedisHandle:lambda$null$0
infrastructure.redis.UserOnlineRedisHandle:lambda$null$0-->infrastructure.redis.UserOnlineRedisHandle:getOnlineStatusKey
infrastructure.redis.UserOnlineRedisHandle:getOnlineStatusKey-->infrastructure.tools.UserTools:getUserOnlineHash
infrastructure.redis.UserOnlineRedisHandle:getOnlineStatusKey-->infrastructure.redis.support.OnlineRedisKey:getKey
infrastructure.redis.support.OnlineRedisKey:getKey-->infrastructure.redis.support.OnlineRedisKey:name
infrastructure.redis.UserOnlineRedisHandle:lambda$null$0-- client-->redis.clients.jedis.Pipeline:zscore:::client
infrastructure.redis.UserOnlineRedisHandle:getOnlineStatusMap-->infrastructure.redis.UserOnlineRedisHandle:lambda$getOnlineStatusMap$2
manager.group.GroupMembershipManager:updateOnlineMembersAfterJoinOrExit-->manager.group.GroupOnlineManager:pushOnlineGroupMemberChange
manager.group.GroupOnlineManager:pushOnlineGroupMemberChange-->manager.group.GroupOnlineManager:groupOnlineInfo
manager.group.GroupOnlineManager:groupOnlineInfo-->manager.group.GroupOnlineManager:getTopGroupOnlineUsers
manager.group.GroupOnlineManager:getTopGroupOnlineUsers-->infrastructure.redis.GroupRedisHandle:getGroupOnlineUserIds
infrastructure.redis.GroupRedisHandle:getGroupOnlineUserIds-- client-->fm.lizhi.common.datastore.redis.client.RedisClient:zrevrangeByScore:::client
manager.group.GroupOnlineManager:getTopGroupOnlineUsers-->infrastructure.redis.GroupRedisHandle:getGroupOnlineUserInfo
infrastructure.redis.GroupRedisHandle:getGroupOnlineUserInfo-- client-->fm.lizhi.common.datastore.redis.client.RedisClient:hmget:::client
infrastructure.redis.GroupRedisHandle:getGroupOnlineUserInfo-->infrastructure.redis.GroupRedisHandle:lambda$getGroupOnlineUserInfo$10
infrastructure.redis.GroupRedisHandle:getGroupOnlineUserInfo-->infrastructure.redis.GroupRedisHandle:lambda$getGroupOnlineUserInfo$11
manager.group.GroupOnlineManager:getTopGroupOnlineUsers-->manager.user.UserManager:getUserDTOListById
manager.user.UserManager:getUserDTOListById-->manager.user.UserManager:lambda$getUserDTOListById$0
manager.user.UserManager:getUserDTOListById-->infrastructure.convert.UserInfoTransform:toUserInfoDTO
manager.group.GroupOnlineManager:getTopGroupOnlineUsers-->infrastructure.convert.GroupMemberTransform:userInfoDtoConvertGroupOnlineUserInfo
manager.group.GroupOnlineManager:groupOnlineInfo-->manager.group.GroupOnlineManager:getGroupOnlineUserCount
manager.group.GroupOnlineManager:getGroupOnlineUserCount-->infrastructure.redis.GroupRedisHandle:getGroupOnlineUserCount
infrastructure.redis.GroupRedisHandle:getGroupOnlineUserCount-- client-->fm.lizhi.common.datastore.redis.client.RedisClient:zcard:::client
manager.group.GroupOnlineManager:pushOnlineGroupMemberChange-->manager.group.GroupOnlineManager:pushToInGroupPageUsers
manager.group.GroupOnlineManager:pushToInGroupPageUsers-->manager.group.GroupOnlineManager:getInGroupPageUserIds
manager.group.GroupOnlineManager:getInGroupPageUserIds-->infrastructure.redis.GroupRedisHandle:getInGroupPageUsers
infrastructure.redis.GroupRedisHandle:getInGroupPageUsers-- client-->fm.lizhi.common.datastore.redis.client.RedisPipelinedRunner:execute:::client
infrastructure.redis.GroupRedisHandle:getInGroupPageUsers-->infrastructure.redis.GroupRedisHandle:lambda$getInGroupPageUsers$1
infrastructure.redis.GroupRedisHandle:lambda$getInGroupPageUsers$1-- client-->redis.clients.jedis.Pipeline:zrange:::client
infrastructure.redis.GroupRedisHandle:getInGroupPageUsers-->com.alibaba.fastjson.JSONArray:parseArray
manager.group.GroupOnlineManager:pushToInGroupPageUsers-->manager.push.business.GroupPushManager:pushOnlineMemberChangeByBroadcast
manager.push.business.GroupPushManager:pushOnlineMemberChangeByBroadcast-->infrastructure.client.PushClient:broadcastMessage
infrastructure.client.PushClient:broadcastMessage-->infrastructure.client.PushClient:buildBroadcastCompensationParams
infrastructure.client.PushClient:broadcastMessage-->com.buz.external.api.PushService:broadcastMessage
manager.push.business.GroupPushManager:pushOnlineMemberChangeByBroadcast-->manager.push.business.GroupPushManager:buildGroupOnlineMemberPush
manager.push.business.GroupPushManager:buildGroupOnlineMemberPush-->manager.push.business.GroupPushManager:lambda$buildGroupOnlineMemberPush$0
manager.push.business.GroupPushManager:buildGroupOnlineMemberPush-->entity.push.pushExtra.group.GroupOnlineMemberPushData:builder
manager.group.GroupOnlineManager:pushToInGroupPageUsers-->manager.group.GroupOnlineManager:lambda$pushToInGroupPageUsers$5
manager.group.GroupOnlineManager:lambda$pushToInGroupPageUsers$5-->manager.push.business.GroupPushManager:pushOnlineMemberChange
manager.group.GroupMembershipManager:updateOnlineMembersAfterJoinOrExit-->manager.group.GroupMembershipManager:lambda$updateOnlineMembersAfterJoinOrExit$14
manager.group.GroupMembershipManager:updateOnlineMembersAfterJoinOrExit-->manager.group.GroupOnlineManager:updateGroupOnlineMember
manager.group.GroupOnlineManager:updateGroupOnlineMember-->infrastructure.redis.GroupRedisHandle:addGroupOnlineUser
infrastructure.redis.GroupRedisHandle:addGroupOnlineUser-->infrastructure.redis.GroupRedisHandle:lambda$addGroupOnlineUser$6
infrastructure.redis.GroupRedisHandle:lambda$addGroupOnlineUser$6-->infrastructure.redis.GroupRedisHandle:getGroupOnlineUserSetKey
infrastructure.redis.GroupRedisHandle:getGroupOnlineUserSetKey-->infrastructure.redis.support.GroupRedisKey:getKey
infrastructure.redis.support.GroupRedisKey:getKey-->infrastructure.redis.support.GroupRedisKey:name
infrastructure.redis.GroupRedisHandle:lambda$addGroupOnlineUser$6-->infrastructure.redis.GroupRedisHandle:lambda$null$4
infrastructure.redis.GroupRedisHandle:lambda$addGroupOnlineUser$6-->infrastructure.redis.GroupRedisHandle:lambda$null$3
infrastructure.redis.GroupRedisHandle:lambda$addGroupOnlineUser$6-- client-->redis.clients.jedis.Pipeline:zadd:::client
infrastructure.redis.GroupRedisHandle:lambda$addGroupOnlineUser$6-->infrastructure.redis.GroupRedisHandle:lambda$null$5
infrastructure.redis.GroupRedisHandle:lambda$addGroupOnlineUser$6-- client-->redis.clients.jedis.Pipeline:expire:::client
infrastructure.redis.GroupRedisHandle:lambda$addGroupOnlineUser$6-- client-->redis.clients.jedis.Pipeline:hmset:::client
infrastructure.redis.GroupRedisHandle:addGroupOnlineUser-- client-->fm.lizhi.common.datastore.redis.client.RedisPipelinedRunner:execute:::client
manager.group.GroupOnlineManager:updateGroupOnlineMember-->infrastructure.convert.GroupMemberTransform:convertGroupOnlineUserInfo
manager.group.GroupOnlineManager:updateGroupOnlineMember-->manager.user.UserManager:getUserListById
manager.user.UserManager:getUserListById-->infrastructure.dao.UserDAO:commonQueryUserInfoList
infrastructure.model.UserInfoExample$GeneratedCriteria:addCriterion-->infrastructure.model.UserInfoExample$Criterion:init
infrastructure.dao.UserDAO:commonQueryUserInfoList-->infrastructure.model.UserInfoExample:createCriteria
infrastructure.model.UserInfoExample:createCriteria-->infrastructure.model.UserInfoExample:createCriteriaInternal
infrastructure.dao.UserDAO:commonQueryUserInfoList-->infrastructure.mapper.UserInfoMapper:selectByExample
manager.user.UserManager:getUserListById-->util.PortraitUtils:buildFullPortrait
manager.group.GroupOnlineManager:updateGroupOnlineMember-->manager.group.GroupOnlineManager:lambda$updateGroupOnlineMember$2
manager.group.GroupOnlineManager:updateGroupOnlineMember-->infrastructure.redis.GroupRedisHandle:removeGroupOnlineUser
infrastructure.redis.GroupRedisHandle:removeGroupOnlineUser-->infrastructure.redis.GroupRedisHandle:lambda$removeGroupOnlineUser$9
infrastructure.redis.GroupRedisHandle:lambda$removeGroupOnlineUser$9-->infrastructure.redis.GroupRedisHandle:lambda$null$8
infrastructure.redis.GroupRedisHandle:lambda$removeGroupOnlineUser$9-- client-->redis.clients.jedis.Pipeline:zrem:::client
infrastructure.redis.GroupRedisHandle:lambda$removeGroupOnlineUser$9-- client-->redis.clients.jedis.Pipeline:hdel:::client
manager.group.GroupMembershipManager:afterQuitGroup-->manager.group.GroupInfoManager:isLargeGroup
manager.group.GroupInfoManager:isLargeGroup-->manager.group.GroupInfoManager:lambda$isLargeGroup$11
manager.group.GroupMembershipManager:afterQuitGroup-->com.buz.common.tool.thread.BuzExecutor:execute
manager.group.GroupMembershipManager:afterQuitGroup-->manager.group.GroupJetCacheManager:invalidateCacheAfterMemberChange
manager.group.GroupJetCacheManager:invalidateCacheAfterMemberChange-->manager.group.GroupJetCacheManager:invalidateGroupMember
manager.group.GroupJetCacheManager:invalidateGroupMember-->com.alicp.jetcache.Cache:removeAll
manager.group.GroupJetCacheManager:invalidateGroupMember-->manager.group.GroupJetCacheManager:lambda$invalidateGroupMember$1
manager.group.GroupJetCacheManager:invalidateCacheAfterMemberChange-->manager.group.GroupJetCacheManager:invalidateGroupPortraitMember
manager.group.GroupJetCacheManager:invalidateGroupPortraitMember-->com.alicp.jetcache.Cache:remove
manager.group.GroupJetCacheManager:invalidateCacheAfterMemberChange-->manager.group.GroupJetCacheManager:invalidateGroupMemberCount
manager.group.GroupJetCacheManager:invalidateCacheAfterMemberChange-->infrastructure.redis.GroupRedisHandle:delGroupMemberDsCache
infrastructure.redis.GroupRedisHandle:delGroupMemberDsCache-->infrastructure.redis.GroupRedisHandle:getGroupMemberDsCacheKey
infrastructure.redis.GroupRedisHandle:delGroupMemberDsCache-- client-->fm.lizhi.common.datastore.redis.client.RedisClient:del:::client
manager.group.GroupJetCacheManager:invalidateCacheAfterMemberChange-->manager.group.GroupJetCacheManager:invalidateJoinedGroupIds
classDef annotation fill:#877BF1
classDef client fill:#10AF17
